The logic of your program
When the program starts and initialization occurs, a mother and n children
threads are created. The mother waits and is only called upon when needed
by the wake and refill semaphores. When a baby eagle discovers the pots need
to be refilled, it signals the refill semaphore. The last baby eagle to finish
eating will wake up the mother, who will begin refilling the pots. No child
is able to access the pots at this time, as the child who called the mother to
refill is in the mutex that controls the "start eating" portion.

Why does your program work?
My program works because it maintains mutual exclusion principles and
threads only signal/wait on semaphores when needed.



Convince me that your program works properly. More precisely, answer the following questions. Make sure you will have a convincing argument for each question.	
Note that argument such as because a semaphore is used to ....., the indicated situation cannot happen" will not be counted as convincing. 
You should explain why the situation will not happen through the use of a semaphore or semaphores. Providing arguments like that will receive low or very low grade.


Question: At any time, there are no more than m baby eagles eating.
There will never be more than m baby eagles eating. This is because 

Question: A baby eagle must wait when he wants to eat but has no free feeding pot and/or all free feeding pots are all empty.


Question: If there is a non-empty feeding pot, a hungry and ready-to-eat baby eagle can eat.


Question: No hungry baby eagle will eat using an empty feeding pot.


Question: At any time, a feeding pot can only be used by one eating baby eagle.


Question: Only one baby eagle among all baby eagles who want to eat can wake up the mother eagle.


Question: The mother eagle does not run until a baby eagle wakes her up.


Question: While the mother eagle is preparing food, no baby eagle can wake up the mother again until the mother goes back to take a nap.


Question: Before all m feeding pots are filled, no hungry baby eagle can eat.


Question: Once the feeding pots are refilled, the mother eagle must allow baby eagles to eat. Then, she goes back to sleep.


Question: You must terminate your program gracefully. More precisely, if t feedings are needed, then your program cannot terminate right after the mother eagle 
refills the feeding pots t times. Instead, your program must wait until all feeding pots become empty, even though there may be baby eagles waiting for food. How do you implement this requirement?


